---
title: 日记—2025-01
date: 2025-01-07 09:48:40
tags:
---
# 老做恐怖的梦

1. 去俄罗斯的一个咸水湖滑冰
2. 滑冰过程中碰见水中冒泡， 往外喷灵魂
3. 与灵魂大鱼吃小鱼，被最终boss击杀
4. 逃跑 到了个祭坛， 马上要死
5. 将祭坛转到特殊位置， 狠狠按住地上一个按键， 原来我在一个手机里， 手机关机了， 我出来了。
6. 我出来了么？

# 2025年1月14日

## I have a dream 全文

I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."


This picture is simple yet highly significant. As is clearly shown in the picture, a young boy, with his head held high, firmly holds a glorious sun in his hand. The caption beneath reads, “With dreams, our hearts can soar; with flight, our dreams are within reach.”
Dreams play a pivotal role in our lives, and we can attribute their significance to multiple factors. First and foremost, dreams endow us with the courage and strength essential for surmounting all the obstacles we encounter in life. For instance, Thomas Edison, driven by his dream of providing humanity with a reliable source of light, endured countless failures before finally inventing the practical incandescent light bulb. Moreover, having dreams helps us cultivate confidence, passion, and energy, placing us in an advantageous position on our life journey. Conversely, without dreams, our lives would be dull and devoid of meaning. Last but not least, when everyone in society has dreams, it will become more vibrant and harmonious.
Considering all aspects of this positive phenomenon, we must bear in mind that dreams are of great significance to both society and ourselves. Therefore, the mass media, including television, the Internet, and radio, should spare no effort in promoting and advocating the importance of dreams. As for us individuals, we should take practical actions to cherish our precious dreams and strive to make them a reality. Undoubtedly, we have every reason to believe that we can embrace a bright future as long as we hold fast to our dreams........